README.md, before:

# Emercure

## About The Project

React Native project carried out during a fifth year project at EPITECH.

### Built With

- [expo](https://expo.io)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.

- [node and npm](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [expo](https://expo.io)
  ```sh
  npm install expo-cli -g
  ```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/sebgtfr/Emercure.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

### Development

```sh
  expo start
```

### Production

follow instructions on [expo documentation](https://docs.expo.io/distribution/building-standalone-apps/)

- [android](https://docs.expo.io/distribution/building-standalone-apps/#if-you-choose-to-build-for-android)
  ```sh
  expo build:android
  ```
- [ios](https://docs.expo.io/distribution/building-standalone-apps/#if-you-choose-to-build-for-ios)
  ```sh
  expo build:ios
  ```

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Autors

- Sébastien Le Maire
- Valentin Mareschal

Commit message:

Update README, add expo publish link

README.md, after:

# Emercure

## About The Project

React Native project carried out during a fifth year project at EPITECH.

### Built With

- [expo](https://expo.io)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.

- [node and npm](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [expo](https://expo.io)
  ```sh
  npm install expo-cli -g
  ```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/sebgtfr/Emercure.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

### Development

```sh
  expo start
```

### Production

follow instructions on [expo documentation](https://docs.expo.io/distribution/building-standalone-apps/)

- [android](https://docs.expo.io/distribution/building-standalone-apps/#if-you-choose-to-build-for-android)
  ```sh
  expo build:android
  ```
- [ios](https://docs.expo.io/distribution/building-standalone-apps/#if-you-choose-to-build-for-ios)
  ```sh
  expo build:ios
  ```

You can access the application from expo through this URL: [https://expo.io/@sebgtfrepitech/projects/Emercure](https://expo.io/@sebgtfrepitech/projects/Emercure)

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Autors

- Sébastien Le Maire
- Valentin Mareschal
